1. What problem does the context API help solve?

  It solves two main problems that are also solved with Redux: 1) props drilling and 2) state access across (sideways) the component tree 

2. In your own words, describe `actions`, `reducers` and the `store` and their role in Redux. What does each piece do? Why is the store known as a 'single source of truth' in a redux application?

  Actions - these are simple JSON objects with two properties, "type" and "payload". The type describes the event that occurred and payload carries some data associated with this event. These are consumed by a state reducer function and are normally generated by "action creator" functions which act a bit like event handlers for state changes.

  Reducers - functions that take two parameters: a state object and an action object, and, similarly to a regular array reducer, based on these two parameters returns a new state object.

  Store - in Redux, this is the global state object that holds all of the application's slices of state.

3. What is the difference between Application state and Component state? When would be a good time to use one over the other?

  Component state is local to a component and thus only visible to it and its children. Application state is global for the application and visible to all of our components. We should use the principle of separation of concerns in order to determine when to use one or the other.

4. Describe `redux-thunk`, what does it allow us to do? How does it change our `action-creators`?

  Redux-thunk is a middleware for Redux which allows Redux to perform multiple reducer actions per event in an asynchronous way. It does this by intercepting Redux's dispatch action step and instead of taking in an action object, the thunk takes in a callback function which then dispatches actions to a reducer. 

5. What is your favorite state management system you've learned and this sprint? Please explain why!

  I like local state management with useState hooks, but my favorite overall is Redux. Two reasons I like Redux:
    a) Access to application state from any component in the app without the need for prop-drilling
    b) Most of all, I like the way state is managed in a descriptive way, with "actions" acting as labels for the state change and every state change requiring to go through a very specific route, giving us much appreciated predictability.

    